Our solution solves for trust - how to enable, enforce & audit sensitive collaborations between participants. Exposure of raw customer data to FIUs & TSPs broadens the attack surface and creates a trust gap between FIPs & FIUs, resulting in hesitant and limited participation due to insufficient assurance & clarity regarding data usage.

Silent Compute proposes an inference exchange model, where FIPs & FIUs collaborate on consented customer inferences rather than moving the raw data to FIUs. The cryptographic Multi-Party Computation (MPC) protocols allow FIUs to extract consent-bound insights from customer’s data, ensuring usage is tied to what customer has consented for, tackling key challenges like:

1. **Privacy preserving inference network**: FIUs are vulnerable to single point of failure via data breaches or misuse for non-approved purposes, or compromise with utility for privacy & compliance. Our distributed compute engine eliminates exposure of plaintext raw data to FIUs, ensuring usage aligns with the purpose of data fetch & eliminating risk of data misuse or breach  while complying with key privacy principles
2. **Governance & auditability via verifiable consent**: Involvement of multiple entities, including certain unregulated participants like TSPs makes it difficult to establish clear guidelines for accountability. Furthermore, lack of transparency of data usage creates trust gaps with users. Silent Compute enhances governance & reinforces purpose limitation by marrying consent & computation to enforce consent terms in the usage of data
3. **Balancing socio-economic incentives**: FIUs & TSPs derive substantial value by utilising data to offer personalised services. However, FIPs and AAs do not equally share these benefits. A more equitable distribution of the value generated can be brought by a usage-based compensation model, incentivising better performance & availability from FIPs having financial outcomes directly linked directly to the quality of their service
